Name of application: Achord (Accord + Chord)

Accord: to have the same opinion
Chord: "A chord, in music, is any harmonic set of pitches/frequencies consisting of multiple notes (also called "pitches") that are heard as if sounding simultaneously." - Wikipedia

Description:
This application is intended to help musicians to display the chords of a song on one (or multiple) device(s).
The goal of this app is to display only 1 or 2 bars of chords, so it can show the characters as big as possible. As the song proceeds with the agreed tempo, the bar components will be constantly changed, providing the right chords(and maybe some other notes/reminders) for the user.

The user will be able to create a song (set up title, author etc.) and fill the bars with the chords and other musical notations. After saving, they can start a song and the sheet will go through the song according the set up.

I came up with the idea because I am also playing an instrument and when we were playing music with my friends it was always hard to agree or to Accord on the Chords.
I think this app would help people to make an agreed version of a song, so everybody is on the same page.

Future of the app:
The ultimate goal would be to hop in the same session with other people and with their devices, so everybody could play the same song at the same time. They could also personalize the song, only putting the relevant information for the member (for example a drummer doesn't have to care about the chords but he can set up some reminders like 'Count in' or 'Drum solo'). The multi-devices set up exceeds the scope of the AND1 course, but the one device version can be handled with minimal backend work on a local storage.

Requirements:
High Priority:
1.	As a user I want to create a sheet, so I can set up a song.
  a.	Name
  b.	Author
  c.	Key
  d.	Time Signature
  e.	Tempo
2.	As a user I want to edit a sheet, so I can change some details anytime.
3.	As a user I want to start a sheet, so I can play with it anytime.
4.  As a user I want to see a list of my sheets, so I can chose the next song.

Low Priority:
1.	As a user I want to change the theme of the application (color, text size etc.).
2.  As a user I want to make setlists, so I can put my songs in different orders.

Project Future with multiple devices:
1.	As a user I want to register to the application, so I can have an account.
2.	As a user I want to log in/out to the application, so my data is secured.
3.	As a user I want to create a session, so I can invite my friends into.



Delivered requirements:
The priorities have been changed on the way
requirement 3 was put in the low/future requirements

1. The user is able to create a sheet (but it is not saved in the app because of the database issue)
2. The user can access the editor from the list but it is not masked for the specific sheet/song(requires database) 
4. The user can see the list of the sheets (for now just a hardcoded list)

I wanted to use room to access the local storage and I managed to implement most of it but it is not yet done, so that is why the app miss the backend part

YouTube link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFaPNTYrwT0

